you also want to be as good as
other photographers
you think your camera can
much more than you
you always see great photos and
I also like to think so
It would be safe to take pictures
a photo course the right one for you
but maybe you have little time left up to
home bound or just live too
far away
Do you make light and visitors easy?
webinar at this seminar on the internet
I really tell you how photography works
works that is not boring
dvd or a tutorial but a live
photo course that takes place online and at
which you can interactively interact with
as if we were both in the same one
sit comfortably while you're comfortable with you
home stay at the computer show stay
and I tell you how your camera
in the handle get which
Settings on the camera especially
are important and which are creative
possibilities arise from it
in addition to the necessary technology you learn completely
by the way also a lot about bildaufbau
and design
I promise to belong after the seminar
you to the photographer and no more
the snap you want to prove ok photo
svj you can do this after the webinar
even shooting in
landscape photos everything from the beginning to
got sharp in the back
no problem sunsets will be like
they should be and guide with portraits
a shallow depth of field the view of the
viewer on the model
you can fast after the seminar
movements with short exposure times
freeze
With long exposure times you will
Creative blurs photos also succeed
then you will not be more than
look at the problem but not over the
Enjoy exceptional lighting
the features of macro photography
I explain as well as taking pictures
at night and even as the flashes
photograph in a relaxed way and for
really convey everyone understandable
I also associate you with complex ones like that
I have been in the last 20 years already
thousands of people the simple
entry into the photography possible
The webinar lasts six hours
split on several dates in those
you from the clippers to the photographer is like
you can record the webinar
you at any time without extra costs again
look book now the webinar with me
on my website
you do not need any special hardware
if you can see this video
you already have everything you need, you too
can make great photos I'll show you
how it goes
see you